Make process functions submittable (#4539)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/topics/processes/usage.rst

The function will submit the calculation to the daemon and immediately return control to the interpreter, returning the node that is used to represent the process in the provenance graph.

.. warning::

>     To submit process, the process needs to be importable, meaning that it either a) has an associated entry point or b) its module path is included in the ``PYTHONPATH`` that the daemon workers will have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a process to be submittable, the class or function needs to be importable in the daemon environment by a) giving it an :ref:`associated entry point<how-to:plugin-codes:entry-points>` or b) :ref:`including its module path<how-to:faq:process-not-importable-daemon>` in the ``PYTHONPATH`` that the daemon workers will have.
```
